Thanks to the following people for their help on this project:

Date...: June-2012 and on
Nick...: ImBcmDth (on the irc.freenode.net ##javascript channel)
Name...: Jon-Carlos Rivera
Country: USA
email..: jon.carlos.rivera@gmail.com
website: http://jon-carlos.com

He and sacho (nick) on ##freenode helped complete some tutoring started by
Sorella and inimino on a good way to use Immediately Invoked Function Expression
(IIFE) on a page's onLoad and passing in a global (either window or a module if
you are using a library) to add externally accessible objects you define in the
IIFE and define all the objects and callbacks you need for your functionality
on that page.

Date...: May-2012 and on
Nick...: FireFly (on the irc.freenode.net ##javascript channel)
Name...: Jonas Höglund
Country: Unknown
email..: unknown
website: http://firefly.nu

FireFly has been very instrumental in helping me learn JavaScript properly,
along with man others in the irc.freenode.net ##javascript channel.

Most especially, he and others like (nicks) Mortchek and Sorella helped me
get a better handle on a "somewhat pure", efficient way to accomplish
prototypal inheritance in JavaScript which I will be employing in place
of the code that was given me by ApOgEE below.  Data hiding is sacrificed for
for reducing code duplication and better alignment with intended design
patterns.  I believe this is a sound tradeoff at this time.

The deep insights they have given me are much appreciated, and resulted in
my ability to formulate an "inheritance factory" function that is both simple
and powerful.  A better version called "extend" by FireFly is what I may
actually be using.  It depends on performance of the two methods.

Date...: Late December of 2011
Nick...: ApOgEE (on irc.freenode.net)
Name...: M. Fauzilkamil Zainuddin
Country: Unknown
email..: apogee@ubuntu.com
website: http://coderstalk.blogspot.com

ApOgEE volunteered to take my MathLibrary.js module and rewrite it using
the proper form for my OOP object.  I then was able to successfully model
all my other library and project OOP objects after his example.